Jira-Jenkins-Plugin
-------------------

The Jira-Jenkins-Plugin integrates all necessary information from the continuous integration server Jenkins 
into the Jira Dashboard. 
This way, everybody can check at a glance the state and health of your build. 

Modules
-------

Jenkins Job Overview (Gadget):
	Shows status, last success and last failure of Jenkins jobs. Also allows to trigger a new build.

Recent Jenkins Builds (Gadget):
	Shows recent builds on Jenkins, optionally for a specific view or job.
	
Jenkins Charts (Gadget):
	Shows charts and trends from build statistics.
	
JenkinsInstancesServlet:
	Allows configuration of to the Gadgets of the Jira-Jenkins-Plugin available Jenkins-Instances.
	Available under Administration / globalsettings / Jenkins-Instances
	
Jira-Version
------------

Requires Jira 4.x
Does not work with Jira 5.0

Licensing
---------

Please see the file called LICENSE.

Installation
------------

-Install Atlassian-Plugin-sdk. Checkout the  source "git clone https://userName@github.com/codecentric/jira-jenkins-plugin.git".
Run the sdk-command atlas-run. You can now use the plugin in the Jira-instance generated with atlas-run. 
If you want to use another Jira-instance shutdown Jira. You can find the jar-file generated by atlas-run in /target/.
Copy the jar-file to Jira-Home/plugins/installed-plugins. Start Jira. The plugin is now installed.

-Download jira-jenkins-plugin.jar. Shutdown Jira. Copy the jar-file to Jira-Home/plugins/installed-plugins. 
Start Jira. The plugin is now installed.

Getting Started
---------------

As admin (you have to be in the group "jira-administrators") you might want to go to Administration/globalsettings/Jenkins-Instances and make some jenkins-instances 
available to the gadgets.

Go to your dashboard.
Click on "Add Gadget" and select the gadget you want to display on your dashboard.
Go to the edit-page of the displayed gadget, in the upper righthand corner of the gadget.
Enter the required fields and select save. 
The gadget should now display the data from the jenkins-server.